#summary General architecture of the station and a suggestion to split the station into two Z-levels.

= Introduction =

The station is getting large, and there's only so much space one 256x256 area can hold. Also, it might be wise to start grouping things on the station based on the activity. Furthermore, after playtesting *our* Botanics code on a server with 40 people or so, there were many complaints about the disappearance of the locker room.

Also if there are any other architectural changes to the station that you have to suggest, list them here.


= The Z-level Split =

The cornerstone idea is to split the station into two different sections "Work" & "Leisure/Free time":

 * Upper *work* level would contain: Everything that is related to the upkeep of the station and the station jobs, such as research, chemistry, botanics, security, engineering, quartermaster's etc.
 * Lower *accommodation* level would contain: Kitchen, bar, boxing ring, docking (arrivals and emergency shuttle), locker rooms.
 * To be considered: Detective's room, brig, EVA.

This would allow, in a case of catastrophy (ie. always) for people to escape from the upper level to the lower level towards the docking bay, even though floors if necessary. It would also contribute to strategy on how you move on the station if you're a syndicate or a traitor.

 === Matters to be considered ===

 * Would there be air flow in between the Z-levels?
 * How would electricity be distributed?
  * Perhaps just a large main cabling that goes straight down from engineering, instead of going up and down in several parts of the station.
 * Graphics for Z-level crossing entities:
  * Stairs, ladders, wires, pipes, disposal tube
 
 === On the implementation ===

 If you come up with a nice map layout for the levels, add them here. Also, please comment this whole project overall.
