#summary Brainstorming for new random events to happen on the station.

= Events in General =

I think it might be fun to make events not so obvious, ie. no message when they happen. Maybe play some random ambient sound when an event happens, but no clear message which one it is. Maybe some togglable boolean to change on/off.

Also, a game-mode with nothing but rapidly happening events could be fun. However this would need a slew of new events to be implemented first so it doesn't get so boring.

Personally, I want to direct the game to a more cooperative direction with events which require the players to kill or defend the station from computer-controlled mobs. 

-Skie

= New event ideas =

 * Boarding parties to attack the station with small ships attaching to airlocks or where the space shuttle would be, or even possibly just breaking through walls, consisting of server-controlled monsters, including but not limited to:
  * Master blobs
  * Space kobolds
  * Space *sergals*?
  * Beepsky army
  * Monkeys

 * When this event is played, nothing happens at that point in time, but the emergency shuttle will be full of blob/monsters/hostile robots etc.
  * Alternatively it could be broken when it arrives and without any oxygen, so it would have to be fixed before it can leave.

 * Nightgaunts will drag away bodies/people that are in space, to convert into eldritch monsters.

 * Lamps are monsters.
 * Computer interfaces are monsters.
 * Some floor tiles are monsters.

 * Some canisters would rupture at random.
