#summary Plans for a new game mode centered around The Welder, from the Chzo game series.

= Introduction =

The basic premise is that you are a powerful spirit bound to an idol known as The Welder. You have a great blood thirst and must sate it.

Your idol has found its way to SS13.


= Details =

*Starting*

The Welder starts the round as a normal crew member, though noted that he 'took over the body' on the transport. He will then be able to choose the form of his idol before he begins his mission of death.

*Idol Forms*
The idol is meant to be something common and picked up regularly. This is how the spirit possesses people.
  * Tazer Gun
  * Crowbar
  * Stun Baton
  * Electromagnet Card
  * Welder
  * Multitool

*Possessing*

If The Welder drops his idol while in his 'original' body, the body will instantly die and he will be turned into a red ghost that only other ghosts can see.

When someone picks up the idol and holds it for 30 seconds, they can then become possessed by the The Welder

When possessed, the victim will lose all control and voice, but will still be able to see and hear everything around their character. The functions say, ooc, and emote will be disabled. 

If the victim ever loses possession of the idol, he instantly regains control but becomes unconscious (short duration, maybe 20 seconds) to disorient him.

*Possession Powers*

While possessing a player, the Welder has three powers
  * *Welder Mode* : Turns the possessed into The Welder sprite, who attacks with a machete.
  * *Normal Mode* : Turns player back to normal.
  * *Unpossess* : Go back to ghost mode, leaving the player with the item and ability to possess them. It will also black out their vision for 20 seconds, as if they had dropped the idol.

*Idol Destruction*

The Crew wins if the idol is destroyed or if they escape on the shuttle before The Welder kills his quota. Only two things can destroy it : Intense Fire and a Black Hole. 

*Idol Recovery*

The Welder can 'summon' his item to his ghost's location at any time, but the power has a five minute cooldown before it can be used again.