#summary Planned changes for Scientists and Chemists
#labels toxins,scientists,plans

= Introduction =

While sharing the same area, Chemists have a lot they can do, while Scientists are usually left alone to make bombs, bombs, and more bombs. These are the plans to combine the two jobs and resulting area into a single job heading.

What I'm hoping to create is a system where researchers can analyze objects and creatures, extract things from them, and create new things.

= Details =

*Job Changes*
  * Right now, a max of 3 scientists and 1 chemist spawn on the station. This will change to 5-7 Researchers, depending on how testing of the larger Research area and in-depth research systems go.
  * Researcher Uniform
    * *Standard* : White labcoat with black bottom trim. Blue goggles.
    * *Head* : Added black bars around sleeves. Purple goggles.

*Area Changes*
  * The Toxins area will be rebuilt and renamed to Science area. Current plans are to enlarge it even more, and have it set up as separate rooms which can be sealed off, so that an accident in one room does not break everything.
  * The lab will be split into areas :
    * *Research Labs*
      * Chemistry Lab
      * Physical Science Lab
      * Plasma Lab
      * Bioscience Lab
    * *Storage*
      * Gas Storage
      * Monkey Storage
      * Equipment Storage
    * *Secured Asteroid Airlock*
    * *Head of Research Office*

*Research System*
  * The original idea behind SS13 was that it was a research station. Not much research goes on anymore, so this will change that, and still add to the already present insanity.

*New Researcher Equipment*
  * *Large Equipment*
    * *Research Analysis Master* 
      * Items may be inserted into the machine to have the machine discover a new 'Research Plan' that contains that item. Procedure is as follows : 
        * *Step 1* : Place item into RAM.
        * *Step 2* : "Analyzing Object..." Device waits 30 seconds before proceeding.
        * *Step 3* : Check to see if item is used in any research plans. If it is, roll a 1d4
          * *4 : Full Success* : "Research complete. Research Plan printed out and item returned." Select and create one of the Research Plans the item is a component of. Also 'eject' the analyzed item.
          * *3 : Half Success* : "Research complete. Research Plan printed out. Item destroyed in analysis."
          * *2 : Half Fail* : "Research inconclusive. Item returned."
          * *1 : Full Fail* : "Research inconclusive. Item destroyed in analysis."